Code of Conduct
	Our team is formed with different types of people with different experiences. To be able to work well on the project, each of the team member should tag along by helping and respecting each other. This code of conduct is dedicated to every member, including software engineers, scrum master and product owner, that everyone follows the rules to obtain harassment-free environment and experience while working towards the assigned project together. 
	In saying of harassment-free, it includes insulting one another physically, mentally, or verbally. Arguments and disagreements might exist in every team. However, team members should not take it personally and attack each other in harmful ways. If a team member is found guilty in this case, the scrum master has the responsibility to act on the victim as well as culprit. The victim will be reported to module teaching team and might as well suspended or expelled according to the action he or she did.
	Other rules in this code of conduct includes, not participating in team, coming late, being absent for no reason, and not finishing daily the assigned works. Participating is important in working with team. Team members need each other to complete the project. As for a DevOps team, we need to accomplish a continuous delivery, including development, integration, testing, monitoring, feedback, deployment, and operation. Therefore, participating is crucial to the team. If one of the team members do not participate in work, the marks of that team member will be deducted. 
	Coming late and being absent could not have much effect on the work of the team. However, if a team member  has not done the assigned work on time and being late or absent more often with no other reason, then he or she will be deducted in marks from breaking the rules.
